[Breaking] Changes for upcoming v21 release (#2430)
commercetools/merchant-center-application-kit: .changeset/many-tables-appear.md

---
'merchant-center-application-template-starter': major
'@commercetools-frontend/mc-dev-authentication': major
'@commercetools-frontend/mc-html-template': major
'@commercetools-frontend/mc-scripts': major
'playground': major
'@commercetools-local/visual-testing-app': major
---

Following breaking changes were introduced:

- In `mc-scripts`, the `build` command additionally compiles the `index.html` by default.

> - Running the `compile-html` command by default should not be necessary anymore. However, you can pass `--build-only` to the `build` command to opt-out of the compilation step, in case you want to run it separately, for example to use the `--transformer`.

Reviewer: Maybe me but I rad this four times until I got it 😄 

```suggestion
- Running `build` now includes compiling the HTML. As a result running the `compile-html` command should not be necessary anymore. However, if you do not need HTML to be compiled with the `build` command pass the `--build-only` to opt-out of the compilation step. A use case for this is when using a `--transformer` to run compilation separately.
```

Author: Thanks :)

- Running the `compile-html` command by default does not print to `stdout` the JSON string with the security headers. You can opt into the old behavior by passing the `--print-security-headers` option.
- The `--inline-csp` of `compile-html` has been dropped, as it's now the built-in behavior.

> - The `dist` folder created by the `build` command has been removed. Instead, the `build` command writes the production bundles directly into the `public` folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `dist` folder created by the `build` command has been removed. Instead, the `build` command writes the production bundles directly into the `public` folder. If any tool relies on picking up the production bundles from `dist` make sure to reconfigure it to rely on the `public` folder.
```
